[docs] expand install instructions (#9817)
huggingface/transformers: docs/source/installation.md

## Installing from source

> Note that the following will will install not the latest released version, but the bleeding edge `master` version, which may be not-quite ready for normal usage, but you may want to use it in case a bug has been fixed since the last official release and a new release hasn't yet been rolled out.

Reviewer: I don't agree with `"which may be not-quite ready for normal usage"` -> master should totally be ready for "normal" usage. We very very rarely merge PRs that have crashed a "normal" usage behavior. We do merge PRs related to new functionalities which might not yet be fully ready, but this won't be different for the next release

Author: Rewritten - please have a look at the new incarnation

```
pip install git+https://github.com/huggingface/transformers
```

Again, you can run

```bash
python -c "from transformers import pipeline; print(pipeline('sentiment-analysis')('I hate you'))"
```

to check 🤗 Transformers is properly installed.

## Editable install

> If you are an advanced user who wants to constantly use the bleeding edge `master` version of the source code, the easiest way to do it is via an editable install. This is done by cloning the repository and installing with the following commands:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you want to constantly use the bleeding edge `master` version of the source code, or if you want to contribute to the library and need to test the changes in the code you're making, you will need an editable install. This is done by cloning the repository and installing with the following commands:
```
I suggest removing the "advanced user" mention as people could then self-censure when they do need a source install, and adding a mention about the contribution.

``` bash
git clone https://github.com/huggingface/transformers.git
cd transformers
pip install -e .
```

> This command performs a magical link between the folder you cloned the repository to and your python library paths, so it'll look inside this folder in addition to the normal library-wide paths. So if normally your python packages get installed into:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This command performs a magical link between the folder you cloned the repository to and your python library paths, and it'll look inside this folder in addition to the normal library-wide paths. So if normally your python packages get installed into:
```
Nit- avoid the repetition of so.

Author: I so totally agree ;) 

This is a good reminder - thank you!
